perceive
perceive somebody/something to be/have something They were widely perceived to have been unlucky.
perception
perception that… There is a general public perception that standards in schools are falling.
permanently
This door is kept permanently locked.
persist
+ speech ‘So, did you agree or not?’ he persisted.
persistent
She can be very persistent when she wants something.
personnel
sales/technical/medical/security/military, etc. personnel
petition
Councillors were presented with a petition calling for more money to be spent on policing the area.
philosopher
We studied the writings of the Greek philosopher Aristotle.
philosophical
philosophic debate
physician
Please consult your physician before beginning any new exercise program.
pill
I was on various pills for my heart condition.
pioneer
a pioneer design (= one that introduces new ideas, methods, etc.)
pioneer
a new technique pioneered by surgeons in a London hospital
pipeline
The pipeline runs through central Mozambique.
pirate
There were reports that a pirate ship had come looking for treasure in the cove.
pit
(figurative) The human mind is a dark, bottomless pit.
pity
a pity to do something It seems a pity to waste this food.
placement
placement with a foster family
plea
He refused to listen to her tearful pleas.
plead
+ speech ‘Do something!’ she pleaded.
pledge
pledge that… Management has made a pledge that there will be no job losses this year.
pledge
pledge (that)… The group has pledged that they will continue campaigning.
plug
I'll have to change the plug on my hairdryer.
plug
Divers succeeded in plugging the leaks from the tanker.
plunge
plunge somebody/something + adv./prep. The earthquake plunged entire towns over the edge of the cliffs.
pole
a curtain pole
poll
A nationwide poll revealed different food preferences in the North and the South.
pond
a fish pond
pop
pop something He popped the cork on the champagne bottle.
portfolio
I left my portfolio on the train.
portion
She could recite large portions of Shakespeare.
portray
His war poetry vividly portrays life in the trenches.
post-war
post-war reconstruction
postpone
postpone doing something It was an unpopular decision to postpone building the new hospital.
potentially
a potentially dangerous situation
practitioner
a qualified practitioner
preach
preach something The minister preached a sermon on the parable of the lost sheep.
precede
in the moments which immediately preceded the earthquake
precedent
The ruling set a precedent for future libel cases.
precious
precious metals
precise
I can be reasonably precise about the time of the incident.
precisely
The meeting starts at 2 o'clock precisely.
precision
precision instruments/tools
predator
the relationship between predator and prey
predecessor
my predecessor at the Ministry of Defence
predictable
In March and April, the weather is much less predictable.
predominantly
She works in a predominantly male environment.
preference
Let's make a list of possible speakers, in order of preference.
pregnancy
the increase in teenage pregnancies
prejudice
prejudice in favour of somebody/something She admitted to a prejudice in favour of British universities.
preliminary
preliminary to something pilot studies preliminary to a full-scale study
premier
(British English, sport) the Premier League/Division
premise
The premise on which they worked was that there would always be enough natural resources to support them.
premium
a monthly premium of £6.25
prescribe
prescribe (somebody) something (for something) He may be able to prescribe you something for that cough.
prescription
prescription drugs/medication(s)
presently
These are the courses presently available.
preservation
The council has placed a preservation order on the building.
preside
(figurative) The party presided over one of the worst economic declines in the country's history (= it was in power when the decline happened).
presidency
He was a White House official during the Bush presidency.
presidential
a presidential year (= one in which the people vote for the next president of the country)
prestigious
The Gold Cup is one of the most prestigious events in the racing calendar.
presumably
Presumably you’ll be leaving the children at home.
presume
presume somebody/something to be/have something I presumed him to be her husband.
prevail
prevail among somebody Those beliefs still prevail among certain social groups.
prevalence
an increase in the prevalence of smoking among young people
prevention
a drug prevention programme
prey
birds of prey (= birds that kill for food)
pride
with pride I looked with pride at what I had achieved.
primarily
The person primarily responsible is the project manager.
