suspend
be suspended by/on something from something A boat was suspended on wires from the rafters.
suspension
The two players are appealing against their suspensions.
suspicion
It’s time to confront him with our suspicions.
suspicious
You have a very suspicious mind (= you always think that people are behaving in an illegal or dishonest way).
sustain
The soil was so badly eroded it could no longer sustain crop production.
sustainable
This type of farming is simply not sustainable any more.
swallow
swallow something + adj. The pills should be swallowed whole.
swing
the swing of her hips
swing
swing something He sat on the stool, swinging his legs.
sword
to draw/sheathe a sword (= to take it out of/put it into its cover)
symbolic
symbolic of something The dove is symbolic of peace.
sympathetic
I'm here if you need a sympathetic ear (= somebody to talk to about your problems).
syndrome
This syndrome mostly affects women in their forties.
synthesis
synthesis of A and B a synthesis of traditional and modern values
systematic
the systematic analysis of the risks involved
tackle
He brought the burglar down with a flying tackle.
tackle
Firefighters tackled a blaze in a garage last night.
tactic
They used strong-arm (= aggressive or violent) tactics.
tactical
Telling your boss you were looking for a new job was a tactical error (= it was the wrong thing to do at that time).
tag
a gift tag (= tied to a present)
tag
The containers were tagged with colour-coded labels.
tap
I put my head under the tap and let the cool water run over me.
tap
Tap the icon to open the app.
taxpayer
The proposals will be popular with higher-rate taxpayers.
technological
a major technological breakthrough
teens
to be in your early/late teens
temple
(North American English) to go to temple (= to a service in a synagogue, where Jews worship)
temporarily
The company announced that it would be temporarily closing the factory because of the global downturn.
tempt
tempt somebody to do something I was tempted to take the day off.
tenant
tenant farmers (= ones who do not own their own farms)
tendency
tendency to/towards something She has a strong natural tendency towards caution.
tender
What he needs now is a lot of tender loving care (= sympathetic treatment).
tension
tension between A and B The incident has further increased tension between the two countries.
tenure
She had a long tenure of office.
terminal
(figurative) She's suffering from terminal (= very great) boredom.
terminal
Your flight leaves from Terminal 3.
terminate
to terminate a pregnancy (= to perform or have an abortion)
terms
terms for something We are negotiating terms for the development of the site.
terrain
They walked for miles across steep and inhospitable terrain.
terribly
I’m not terribly interested in politics.
terrific
(ironic) So nobody’s coming. Terrific!
terrify
terrify somebody into (doing) something He terrified employees at the bank into handing over cash.
territory
They have refused to allow UN troops to be stationed in their territory.
terror
(literary) The very name of the enemy struck terror into their hearts.
terrorism
The government has sworn to do everything in its power to combat terrorism.
terrorist
a terrorist attack/bomb/group
testify
+ speech ‘I was approached by a man I did not recognize,’ she testified.
testimony
His thick, swollen fingers bore testimony to a lifetime of toil.
testing
testing and assessment in education
textbook
a school/medical/history textbook
texture
The method used will vary with the soil texture and climate.
thankfully
Thankfully, the house was empty when I got home.
theatrical
a theatrical agent
theft
A number of thefts have been reported recently.
theology
the rarefied world of academic theology
theoretical
The first year provides students with a sound theoretical basis for later study.
therapist
a beauty therapist
thereafter
She married at 17 and gave birth to her first child shortly thereafter.
thereby
Regular exercise strengthens the heart, thereby reducing the risk of heart attack.
thesis
Students must submit a thesis on an agreed subject within four years.
thorough
You will need a thorough understanding of the subject.
thoroughly
I felt thoroughly ashamed of myself.
thought-provoking
a brilliant and thought-provoking play
thoughtful
They sat in thoughtful silence.
thread
You've pulled a thread in your jumper.
threshold
on the threshold She stood hesitating on the threshold.
thrilled
thrilled that… (British English) She was thrilled to bits (= extremely pleased) that he'd been offered the job.
thrive
These animals rarely thrive in captivity.
thumb
She still sucks her thumb when she's worried.
tide
The body was washed up on the beach by the tide.
