steam
a Turkish steam bath
steer
You row and I'll steer.
stem
When the bush has finished flowering, cut back all the stems.
stem
The reforms failed to stem social discontent.
stereotype
He doesn't conform to the usual stereotype of the businessman with a dark suit and briefcase.
stimulate
a government package designed to stimulate economic growth
stimulus
stimulus (for somebody) (to do something) This development also acted as a stimulus for Britain to modernize her air force.
stir
stir something in Stir in the milk until the sauce thickens.
storage
We need more storage now.
straightforward
It's quite straightforward to get here.
strain
There are strains in the relationship between the two countries.
strand
She wore a single strand of pearls around her neck.
strategic
Cameras were set up at strategic points (= in places where they would be most effective) along the route.
strengthen
The new manager has strengthened the side by bringing in several younger players.
strictly
The industry is strictly regulated.
striking
The similarities between the two cases are striking.
strip
Cut the meat into strips.
strip
strip somebody + adj. He was stripped naked and left in a cell.
strive
She strove to find a solution that was acceptable to all.
stroke
He played some powerful backhand strokes throughout the game.
structural
There is an urgent need to address structural racism within the organization.
stumble
stumble over/on something I stumbled over a rock.
stun
The animals are stunned before slaughter.
stunning
His performance was simply stunning.
submission
His response was one of resistance, not submission.
subscriber
Subscribers to the magazine can take advantage of this special offer.
subscription
Subscriptions are due annually by the end of January.
subsequent
Developments on this issue will be dealt with in a subsequent report.
subsequently
He subsequently became chairman of the party.
subsidy
to reduce the level of subsidy
substantial
We were able to see a substantial improvement.
substantially
The company’s profits have been substantially lower this year.
substitute
The local bus service was a poor substitute for their car.
substitute
substitute somebody/something Kane was substituted in the second half after a knee injury (= somebody else played instead of Kane in the second half).
substitution
substitution of B with A the substitution of butter with low-fat spreads
subtle
She's been dropping subtle hints about what she'd like as a present.
suburb
in the suburbs They live in the suburbs.
suburban
life in suburban London
succession
The gunman fired three times in rapid succession.
successive
There has been low rainfall for two successive years.
successor
He chose as his successor a relative newcomer to the organization.
suck
He sucked the blood from a cut on his finger.
sue
sue somebody/something The water authority was successfully sued over his illness.
suffering
This war has caused widespread human suffering.
sufficient
The salary proved sufficient for his needs.
sufficiently
By 1995, bald eagles had recovered sufficiently to be removed from the endangered list.
suicide
a suicide bomber (= who expects to die while trying to kill other people with a bomb)
suite
a suite of rooms/offices
summit
(figurative) the summit of his career
super
She was super (= very kind) when I was having problems.
superb
You look superb.
superior
The enemy won because of their superior numbers (= there were more of them).
supervise
supervise somebody doing something She supervised the children playing near the pool.
supervision
under supervision The drug should only be used under medical supervision.
supervisor
All work is done under the guidance of a supervisor.
supplement
supplement to something Industrial sponsorship is a supplement to government funding.
supplement
supplement something He supplements his income by giving private lessons.
supportive
He was strongly supportive of my career.
supposedly
Police have found the supposedly stolen car.
suppress
The rebellion was brutally suppressed.
supreme
It is an event in which she reigns supreme.
surge
a surge of excitement
surge
He surged past the other runners on the last lap.
surgeon
Surgeons performed two operations on him yesterday.
surgical
a surgical ward (= for patients having operations)
surplus
in surplus Wheat was in surplus that year.
surrender
surrender yourself (to somebody) The hijackers eventually surrendered themselves to the police.
surveillance
surveillance cameras/equipment
survival
Continued trade in these products is a threat to the survival of the species.
survivor
A movie has been made about the last remaining survivor of the tribe.
